a scene that has become all too familiar
to health workers in
Gaza colleague killed by an Israeli
attack this time it's hanel jaawi
someone well known to all of
them yesterday the alaraj clinic was
attacked the room of Mr hanni Al Jafari
was targeted of course this is a heinous
crime and adds to the record of the
Israeli occupation Israel has killed
hundreds of paramedics and doctors since
it started started its war in October
for Gaza health workers nowhere safe
even there are clinics from Israeli
attacks they want Israel to be held
accountable we appeal to the
international institutions to take a
clear stance on these attacks we have
lost more than 400 health personnel in
Gaza and more are in detention we lost
dozens of Health institutions to
complete or partial destruction we say
to the world isn't it time for you to
stand up and protect the Palestinians to
protect medical Crews and institutions
to respect the Palestinian ambulance
badge 300s of Gaza health workers have
been detained without it charges by
Israel since October Israeli attacks
have lift their Hospitals and Clinics in
Ruins and yet doctors nurses and
paramedics continue their vital work in
near impossible conditions hany Mahmud
AL jazer Central Gaz of Palestine
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer